Update the First Steps topic (#7990)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/First Steps/20 Show Progress/05 Configure ProgressBar.md

##### React

> Manage the progress bar state with React [useState](https://react.dev/reference/react/useState) Hook. Set the Hook initial value to **50**, as half of the tasks in the initial list are completed. Bind the [value](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxProgressBar/1%20Configuration/value.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxProgressBar/Configuration/#value') option to the `progressValue` variable. `setProgressValue` will later keep ProgressBar and DataGrid in sync.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage the progress bar state with React [useState](https://react.dev/reference/react/useState) Hook. Set the Hook initial value to **50**, as half of the tasks in the initial list are completed. Bind the [value](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxProgressBar/1%20Configuration/value.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxProgressBar/Configuration/#value') option to the `progressValue` variable. `setProgressValue` keeps ProgressBar and DataGrid synchronized.
```
